Shirish went to SRK to apologize. The guy who only yesterday challenged SRK to a fight, called him names, was giving interviews right to left on the issue claiming to be the victim went to apologize to SRK? Nobody (not even Shirish fans saw this one coming) had expected anything like this to happen…atleast not anytime soon. Remember the SRK-Salman fight? They still don’t talk to each other.

It seems like both parties were brought together by none other than Farah’s brother Sajid Khan. He confirms the news on the Indian Channel Star News. “Yes, I felt terrible about the ugly turn that the whole affair took. Shah Rukh and Shirish had a fight, agreed. But the media didn’t have to play it up to the point of making it on the front of national newspapers.” He added: “Do you know when my sister Farah and Shirish got married there were only three witnesses. Me, Sajid Nadiadwala and Shah Rukh. We’re family. And there’re bound to be differences between family members. Yes, Gauri and I took the initiative.All of us met at Mannat over a meal. And it was all sorted out.”

Shirish confirmed the meeting and resolution on Twitter:
“Shahrukh and I just met, had a heart to heart chat and have resolved all misunderstandings. All animosity is now sorted for good.Some incidents in our life when resolved makes relationships stronger than they were ever before.”


A new beginning for Farah too

Also Farah Khan is happy with the reconciliation. “I can’t begin to tell you how relieved I am. This had turned really ugly. And before it got uglier my brother took matters into his hands. Full credit to Gauri for making the reconciliation happen. When my brother asked her where we should meet she said Mannat, because she said it’s Farah’s home. I am so moved.”

According to Farah this is not only the end of the ugly spat between her husband and Shah Rukh, it is also a new beginning for her and Shah Rukh. “I really liked what he said. He made us promise to wipe out all the bitterness of the last two years and start afresh. I feel like a big burden is off my back.” 
