Gaile Owens is in prison for hiring a man to kill her abusive husband in 1985.  She was offered a plea to life in prison -- and she accepted that plea -- but the D.A. rescinded their offer when her co-defendant refused to accept the plea.   The attorneys working on her case believe that no other prisoner on death row in the U.S. has received a death sentence after accepting the offer of a guilty plea in exchange for alife sentence.
Ms. Owens is the only prisoner in Tennessee to receive a death sentence after accepting a prosecutor’s offer of a plea agreement for life in prison.  In 1985, after years of sexual abuse and severe humiliation by her husband, Ms. Owens hired a man to kill him.  The prosecutor’s office offered that Ms. Owens could plead guilty in exchange for a life sentence.  This offer was made with the approval of her husband’s family.  Remorseful and concerned about putting her children through the trauma and hardship of a trial, she accepted the plea.  But, when Ms. Owens’ codefendant – the man she hired to kill her husband – refused to take the plea, the prosecutors withdrew the offer.  We believe Gaile Owens is the only prisoner in the entire United States in this unimaginable and untenable situation.  No other prisoner has received a death sentence after accepting the offer of a guilty plea in exchange for a life sentence.
Ms. Owens’ death sentence is clearly excessive. A recent review of 9 cases from Tennessee that involve women who have killed or hired someone to kill their partners, shows that 6 have received probation or early parole and that two receivedlife sentenceswith eligibility for parole. Only Ms. Owens has received death.
Ms. Owens received a sentence of death by a jury that never heard critical information about the physical, emotional, and sexual abuse she endured throughout her life, including from her husband.   Ms Owens was subjected to physical and sexual violence from a young age.  Her husband was but one of the perpetrators of violence against her.  His unspeakable acts of sexual violence and humiliation were part of the story of Gaile Owens’ life, the story the jury never heard.  When her trial attorneys asked for funds to hire an expert witness with experience in abuse and trauma to evaluate Ms. Owens, they were denied.
