BODYGUARD is a perfect family entertainer that compliments the spirit of the festive season.

She becomes an anonymous admirer of his and starts hounding him, expressing her 'feelings' in no uncertain terms. Lovely, however, proves to be a tough nut to crack and it takes quite a bit of doing from her side to penetrate his fort-like exterior. But once she succeeds in doing so, he transforms into a completely different person. Divya is triumphant and is all set to relish her regained freedom.

But things take an unexpected turn when she learns a few things about Lovely. Things that she could've never even imagined. And she soon finds herself trapped in a dilemma that she's unable to resolve. And with her, soon enough, Lovely finds himself trapped in a web of lies, trickery and deceit.

BODYGUARD is a simple-n-sweet tale of love that's engaging and relatable. At the same time, there's an unexpected twist in the pre-climax which shocks you completely. At no point does the director swerve from the main plot to provide a few extra laughs or thrills. Besides, this is a script which gives actors a lot of room to emote. And both Salman and Kareena seize the opportunity with both hands. More on that later!

Like I pointed out earlier, with BODYGUARD, Salman returns to a genre he started out with -- love story. Sure, BODYGUARD is a remake of a Malayalam film [remade in various South Indian languages as well], which has all the trappings of a perfect masala film -- action, music, comedy -- but BODYGUARD is essentially a love story at heart. Salman's intro may give an impression that it's a hardcore masala film, especially the song and fight sequence [frankly, the first half of the film is routine, with not much happening in the plot]. The director reserves the best for the second half, when it transforms into a love story. The action scene in the second half -- when Salman and Aditya Pancholi get into a fist fight -- is outstanding and will send his fans in raptures. Especially the moment when Salman's shirt rips off and his ripped muscles can be seen. The twist in the tale is a complete shocker. In fact, the penultimate reels of the film catches you complete unaware since you don't expect the story to change so dramatically.

Director Siddique, who has directed the same script for the third time, ensures that a simple story is narrated with simplicity and unfussiness. The twist in the tale comes at the right time, the songs are smartly integrated in the plotline and of course, there are ample comic moments, courtesy Rajat Rawail. The best thing about the film is that Siddique has made a very conscious effort to project Salman as a sensitive human being and not as a demigod, which is why the character becomes all the more relatable and endearing.

The soundtrack fits the genre of the film well. The title track at the very start [Salman's intro] will draw whistles and claps, 

Salman delivers one of his best performances in recent times. He makes magnificent use of his tough physique and soft face. Salman's fans are sure to lap this knockout performance in a big way. BODYGUARD would be incomplete without Kareena's contribution. Aditya Pancholi, in a cameo, stages a welcome comeback. He's first-rate. Rajat Rawail is a joy to watch. He's truly funny. Hazel is quite good. Asrani and Vidya Sinha are okay in their respective parts.

On the whole, BODYGUARD works for varied reasons -- it has a simple, but captivating story with a dramatic twist in the tale, the chemistry between the lead actors is perfect and the music is well juxtaposed in the narrative. But its biggest USP is, without doubt, Salman Khan.
