Shiva (Akshay Kumar), a small-time thief in Mumbai, falls in love with Priya (Sonakshi Sinha), a girl from Patna, who is in Mumbai to attend a marriage. Shiva makes his way into Priya’s heart and she also starts loving him. Shiva tells her the truth about him being a thief and resolves to give up crime forever.

But before that, he decides to swindle one last person for a large sum of money. This leads Shiva to Chinki, a young girl, who thinks that Shiva is her father. Flummoxed by what is happening, but forced to keep Chinki with her [as a police officer (Yashpal Sharma) keeps his eye on him], Shiva slowly starts loving the innocent child. Although he tries keeping Chinki away from Priya’s eyes, the latter finds out about Chinki. Angry and hurt, Priya leaves for Patna.

Shiva is heartbroken. Soon, unknown goons attack him, taking him to be Vikram Rathore, Chinki’s real father. While many unknown persons help Shiva run to safety with Chinki in his arms, he is soon surrounded by the goons. It is then that Vikram Rathore (Akshay Kumar) makes an appearance and saves the day. But he is grievously injured in the fight.
After Shiva hears the whole story, the doctors come to them and say that Rathore doesn't have much time left. Rathore requests Shiva to take care of his daughter. Shiva promises and says that Chinki is now his daughter. Rathore smiles and dies while holding Shiva's hand. Feeling depressed by what happened, Shiva promises to finish Rathore's unfinished work. He officially takes up the identity of ACP Vikram Rathore. Rathore goes to Devgarh with Chinki to take revenge on Baabji. Rathore sets Baabji's factory on fire and Baabji gets beaten up by the other police officers. Meanwhile Paro finds out the truth about Shiva, Chinki, the death of her real father,and that Shiva is now & will always be Rathore. She apologises and tells Rathore that she will also take care of Chinki. Titla, who realises that Rathore is alive, kidnaps Paro and Chinki. Rathore appears and a fight starts. At the end of the fight, Rathore ties Titla and Baabji to a rope on a bridge and cuts the rope. Baabji and Titla fall hard on the ground and die. The people of Devgarh are now safe and they start a celebration. After getting promotion, Rathore marries Paro and starts his new life as a police officer with Paro, Chinki, and 2G.

