Shiva [Akshay Kumar] is a small-time con man who falls in love with Priya [Sonakshi Sinha]. Into this picture perfect world enters six-year-old Neha, who inexplicably believes Shiva to be her dad. And if this wasn't bad enough, Shiva also becomes the object of a series of life threatening attacks by a gang of deadly criminals who seem to know something he doesn't. While trying desperately to save his life and love, Shiva stumbles upon a deadly secret. A secret that will take him to a small town in Bihar; a town terrorized by a ruthless person [Nassar].

Vivid colors, rustic background and conventional dance routines... ROWDY RATHORE follows the existing trend to create more homespun, home-flavored desi movies rather than pursue the money-spinning NRI souk that has, until recently, been the order of the day. While the central plot is pretty commonplace, the screenplay packs a solid punch, with several clap-trap situations interlaced in the narrative, though it slips into the knowable zone at times. Sure, there are a few limp moments, but a swift narrative outweighs this inadequacy. Besides, stability is maintained in both halves of the film. While the first hour of the film is replete with entertainment, the second half gets into the action mode [the flashback portions are outstanding], but the entertainment values are maintained at the same level.
Akshay is cast in a double role -- one as a cop and the second one as a petty thief -- and both the roles are custom-made for the endearing actor. As Shiva, he entertains the masses, whereas as Vikram Rathod, he aims at serious movie lovers. The movie bestows Akshay with abundant opportunity to flaunt each shade of his skill. Sonakshi plays a lovable, charming yet impish character very well. You will see the voluptuous side of Sonakshi in this film and the character she portrays has tremendous mass appeal. Also, the desi girl image suits her impeccably.

Nassar is superb as the antagonist. Ditto for the actor who essays the part of his brother. He's venomous to the hilt! Mushtaq Khan provides a few laughs. Paresh Ganatra, as Akshay's buddy, is truly funny. Yashpal Sharma is top notch. Gurdeep Kohli is first-rate. Anant Jog and Darshan Jariwala are adequate. The child artist portraying the part of Akshay's daughter is really cute. 
