Tamizh (Vijay), a thug, is abducted by Ajay and his henchmen. Tamizh falls in love with Shruthi (Asin), when he visits his friend Saravanan's (Sreeman) aerobics class, but she mistakes him for a thug. Shruthi, a college student, lives with her widowed mother (Sriranjani) and younger brother (Master Bharath). Body Soda (Vadivelu) lives above Shruthi's house, and is a bogus Kung Fu master who frequently, albeit comically and unsuccessfully, tries to convince Shruthi to marry him. Inspector Govindan (Mukesh Tiwari), is a corrupt police officer in the colony where Tamizh and Shruthi live and is on the payroll of Ali Bhai. He falls for Shruthi and decides to make her his mistress, even after multiple rejections by Shruthi.Tamizh's first assignment with Ali's gang is to kill a member of Narasimhan's gang. However, police show up at the spot where Tamizh and the other gangsters are waiting. Tamizh engages the cops long enough for the others to finish the task and flee. He also helps Shruthi escape from Govindan. She is impressed by his kindness and a friendship soon blossoms between the two, leading to the development of unspoken romantic feelings for each other. When Shruthi tries to express her feelings to Tamizh, they are attacked by members of Narasimhan's gang, whom Tamizh finishes off. Shruthi is shocked to learn that Tamizh is a gangster with no qualms about killing people.

Later, Govindan arranges for some thugs to pretend to rape Shruthi, so that no decent family will want to take her as their daughter-in-law, as a result of which with no other option Shruthi and her mother will accept his demands. Tamizh learns of this and assaults Govindan incognito. After much ado and mental anguish, Shruthi accepts Tamizh's love.

Soon, Guru is found dead, presumably killed by Narasimhan's henchmen, which forces Ali Bhai to come to Chennai and kill Narasimhan. He also meets Tamizh to discuss the killing of a minister by blowing up a school. Tamizh disagrees with Ali Bhai's method as it would involve killing innocents including women and children. In the middle of their argument, the police raid the club and arrest Ali Bhai. His gang members retaliate by kidnapping the police commissioner's daughter, drugging her and creating a lewd video of her which they threaten to release to the media if Ali Bhai is not released, forcing the embattled commissioner to release Ali Bhai. In her drugged state, the commissioner's daughter also reveals that her father had placed a mole in Ali Bhai's gang. The gang members find that a police officer by the name of Satyamoorthy, the son of a retired police inspector Shanmugavel (Nassar), has gone undercover to finish off the underworld mafia gangs and is now a part of their gang. Ali Bhai kills Satyamoorthy in front of Shanmugavel. However, it is revealed that the person who died was actually Saravanan. Ali Bhai then kills Shanmugavel, hoping that the real Satyamoorthy would come to see his father's body and avenge his death. When the real Satyamoorthy actually turns up, everyone, especially Shruthi, is shocked to see that he is none other than Tamizh.

After his father's funeral, Satyamoorthy forces Govindan to call Ali Bhai to find out his location, which is Binny Mills. He goes there and starts to dispatch Ali Bhai's men one by one, rescuing the commissioner's daughter in the process. In a final confrontation, Satyamoorthy kills Ali Bhai by slitting his throat. Following this, he also kills Govindan.

