The story is about Radhe (Salman Khan), a hardcore gangster who would do anything for money. He is attracted towards Jhanvi (Ayesha Takia), a simple fitness trainer, who also has a soft spot for Radhe in her heart. The two are unable to express their love to each other, until one day, selfish and perverted Inspector Talpade (Mahesh Manjrekar) enters the love story and also falls for Jhanvi. He starts threatening Jhanvi and her family, as if Jhanvi did not marry him, he would rape Jhanvi's mother. When Radhe finds this out, he has a huge fight with Talpade, causing Talpade to realise he shouldn't mess with Radhe and he backs off. Soon enough, the international underworld don Gani Bhai (Prakash Raj) arrives in India for an assassination.

Gani Bhai hires Radhe as his assassin in replacement of his previous assassin Golden, and Radhe agrees. As Datta Pawle and Gani Bhai's gang are fighting for the biggest piece of Mumbai, commissioner Ashraf Khan (Govind Namdeo) vows to make the city crime-free and starts his campaign by arresting 200 criminals. Ashraf Khan arrests and kidnaps Gani Bhai and holds him on a stranded boat where no one could find him. Gani Bhai tries hard to contact Radhe but fails in every attempt. Until, Ashraf Khan's daughter is kidnapped and he realises Gani Bhai's men are behind this. His men start filming his daughter and send him a CD of the same. Resigned, he lets Gani free. Under the influence of drugs, his daughter reveals to Gani Bhai the news that an IPS officer named Rajveer Shekhawat is after him and wants to murder him, so Gani attacks his father Shrikant Shekhawat (Vinod Khanna).

Shrikant doesn't give any information on his son, until he is held gunpoint by Gani Bhai's men. Assuming Ajay for Rajveer, Gani kills him. After realising his mistake Gani questions Shrikant. Shrikant does not tell him about the plans of Rajveer, and Gani Bhai murders Shrikant and leaves. His son, Rajveer Shekhawat arrives at the scene full of tears, and it is revealed that Radhe is actually IPS officer Rajveer Shekhawat, and he was undercover as a gangster to finish off Gani Bhai and his gang. Now, he vows to take revenge on his father's murderer.He Uses Talpade to track down him where Gani Says that he is located in Binnimills. Then Radhe(Rajveer Shekawat)raids the Binnimill and kills all of the goons including Gani's Right Hand Mona. Radhe kicks Gani causing Gani to temporarily lose his hearing. Gani then attacks Radhe, but Radhe gives him an excellent kickback such that the blood oozes from Gani's mouth, and when he is about to kill Radhe, his throat is slit by Radhe and he immediately dies. Soon enough, Inspector Talpade enters the scene and pretends he didn't see anything, but is also then shot by Radhe. The film ends with Radhe quoting his tag line, "एक बार जो मैंने कमिटमेंट कर दी, फिर मैं अपने आप की भी नहीँ सुनता" meaning "Once I have committed myself to something, I don't even listen to myself". Then the credits roll.
