The 2002 Mombasa attacks refer to terrorist attacks on an Israeli-owned hotel and a plane belonging to an Israeli airline in Mombasa, Kenya on 28 November 2002. An all-terrain vehicle crashed through a barrier outside the Paradise Hotel and blew up, killing 13 and injuring 80. At the same time two surface-to-air missiles fired at an Israeli charter plane.[2] The Paradise Hotel was the only Israeli-owned hotel in the Mombasa area.[3]


Hotel bombing

The blast occurred just after some 60 visitors had checked into the hotel, all of them from Israel. 13 people were killed and 80 injured. Ten Kenyans died in the attack and three Israelis, two of them children. Nine of the victims were dancers who had been employed to welcome hotel guests. In an overnight rescue mission, four Israeli military Hercules planes were sent to Mombasa to evacuate the dead and injured.[2]
Plane attack
Two Strela 2 missiles were fired during take-off, but missed the plane

Almost simultaneously, two shoulder-launched Strela 2 (SA-7) surface-to-air missiles were fired at a chartered Boeing 757 airliner owned by Israel-based Arkia Airlines as it took off from Moi International Airport. The Arkia charter company had a regular weekly service flying tourists between Tel Aviv and Mombasa. Kenyan police discovered a missile launcher and two missile casings in the Changamwe area of Mombasa, about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) from the airport. The pilots planned on an emergency landing in Nairobi after seeing the two missiles streak past them, but decided to continue to Israel. The airliner landed at Ben Gurion Airport in Tel Aviv about five hours later, escorted by Israeli F-15 fighter jets.[4] Following the attack, all flights from Israel to Kenya were cancelled indefinitely.

Sheikh Omar Bakri Mohammed, leader of the London-based Islamic organisation Al Muhajiroun, said that warnings had appeared on the Internet. "Militant groups who sympathise with Al-Qaeda warned one week ago that there would be an attack on Kenya and they mentioned Israelis,"
